Category :
Article ID :
Headline: 
Author: 
Date: //
Body: 
Rate: 2
Comment: 
Category :sport
Article ID :1
Headline: Ivanovic seals Canberra victory
Author: martina milad
Date: 16/12/2007
Body: Serbia's Ana Ivanovic captured her first WTA title with a straight-sets victory over Hungarian Melinda Czink in the final of the Canberra Classic.

The 17-year-old took 83 minutes to take the match 7-5 6-1. Ivanovic beat Czink in the last round of qualifying but the Hungarian made the main draw as a lucky loser after Katarina Srebotnik withdrew injured. Ivanovic said: "I was really nervous in the beginning, but I pulled through and didn't do too much wrong." A junior Wimbledon finalist last year, she added: "It's my first WTA title, and to win it has really given me more energy to practice and improve." Ivanovic will play 32nd seed Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic in the first round.said of the Australian Open in Melbourne.

Rate: 0
Comment: 
Category :sport
Article ID :2
Headline: Safin relieved at Aussie recovery
Author: salma ahmed
Date: 7/10/2010
Body: Marat Safin admitted he thought he was suffering another Australian Open final nightmare when he lost the opening set to Lleyton Hewitt.

The Russian, who lost the 2002 and 2004 finals, fought back brilliantly to win 1-6 6-3 6-4 6-4. "I was nervous and I couldn't play tennis," said Safin. "He started really well. He wasn't as nervous as I was because I was thinking of the two finals that I played and wasn't successful." He added: "You really have to deal with the pressure because normally it never happens but when you come to the final you are so tight because you want to win. "I tried to play some tennis but I couldn't. He has huge experience, he's won two Grand Slam titles, he's won 24 titles, he's a great player and he deals with pressure."

From 4-1 down in the third set, Safin played some of his best tennis to reel off seven games and take control of the match. "In the third set, just all of a sudden, it all turn around completely in a way I couldn't expect," said Safin. "Because he made a couple of mistakes, I was a little bit lucky at some point, then the confidence came back and I was back in the game." And the Russian revealed that the victory, and his semi-final win over world number one Roger Federer, had given him a massive boost for the future. "You get huge confidence because Roger is a great player," said Safin. "Once I beat him, and then Lleyton, it's like you get so much confidence in yourself that you really can play great. "You can win big titles and you can beat huge players in the finals and semi-finals."

Rate: 0
Comment: hello
Category :sport
Article ID :4
Headline: Veteran Martinez wins Thai title
Author: hagar waleed
Date: 9/3/2017
Body: Conchita Martinez won her first title in almost five years with victory over Anna-Lena Groenefeld at the Volvo Women's Open in Pattaya, Thailand.

The 32-year-old Spaniard came through 6-3 3-6 6-3 for her first title since Berlin in 2000. "It feels really good," said Martinez, who is playing her last season on the Tour. "To come through like that in an important match feels good. "It's been nearly five years and I didn't think I could do it." Groenefeld was the more powerful player but could not match her opponent's relentless accuracy. "It was my first final, a new experience," said the German. "I think she played a good match, a tough match, but I tried to stay in there. I think the whole week was good for me."

Rate: 0
Comment: 
Category :sport
Article ID :5
Headline: Soderling wins tense Milan final
Author: mariam emad
Date: 7/7/2007
Body: Fifth seed Robin Soderling took the Milan Indoors title with a dramatic win over Radek Stepanek in Sunday's final.

The 20-year-old Swede edged the final set tie-break for a 6-3 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (7-5) victory and his second tour title after winning in Lyon last year. "I'm delighted to have won against such a good opponent in a tournament of this importance," said Soderling. "I was really on form, my service was good and I really liked playing on the synthetic surface." Soderling, the world number 37, shrugged off a nervous start to take the opening set on his first set point. A change in approach from fourth seed Stepanek in the second set paid dividends as he took it on a tie-break, but Soderling's superior power proved too much in the third.

Rate: 0
Comment: 
